element Great How old 18 exactly yes a special military operation support of course the military registration and enlistment office were also said Gooden is not yet in the army in three days there is a special operation in chat roulette it is very easy to support Let's go to a foreign country yes And where Look, I told us that we were a star in the Kyiv region, but we knocked you out of there in Chernihiv, they knocked out Sumy, they knocked out Zhytomyr, they knocked out Nikolaev, they knocked out Kherson, they knocked out Kharkiv, so if we kill from you everywhere, then who is the star for you? if you want a power plant for everyone [ __ ] Yes I will open it I have a water generator I have a light and you don’t have a light I have So Plug it in Show you are driving with a light but damn it not yet you turned on the light bulb on the battery it won’t last long Turn it on Sit with the light you sit here for two minutes there was light maybe it's just on the power banks like you had it And you yourself open  ude I’m not from the city of
Moscow, the Moscow region can be seen from the
battles, this is the Moscow region, Moscow is
true
Yes, I’m just at my grandmother’s village at my grandmother
’s That’s right Yes, and my grandmother is in a village
near Moscow as the village is called
renono And you yourself are from Moscow
and why How many kilometers is this village
from Moscow
so 150 200 kilometers And why can
you explain to me I can’t understand why
Moscow is such a richest city already
100 kilometers 100 150 kilometers from
Moscow because it’s a garden
because I’m in the garden
where in the summer
and so you boldly started
from Moscow I sway this is Kinders I
from Moscow to
Zhopinskoe near Moscow he sits with his grandmother
he came to
see
Dude you live So 150 kilometers from
such an economic center there is a lot of dough a
lot of everything Yes, and instead you
think about how
you can improve your well-being,
for example, so that you have, for example, a
car or better cars  or how to
make money so that you can go
somewhere to relax so that you can do repairs
normally in the apartment  dash, he
deliberately turned off the light because it’s
dumb, all this is visible on purpose in the
dark, instead of thinking. In short,
how to improve his life, he is sitting